# easy-doc - Write a document easily

## Licence

MIT Licence.

(c) Sora Harakami

>The MIT Licence {{{
>
>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>THE SOFTWARE.
>
>}}}

## Install

__Not available yet. I'll push soon :)__

### Using rubygem

    gem install easy-doc

__NOTE:__ Gemcutter is needed.

### Using git

    git clone git://github.com/sorah/easy-doc.git

and write following line your shell's rc-file:

    export RUBYLIB=/path/to/easy-doc/lib:$RUBYLIB

## Usage

### Simple

Simple directory structure:

    doc/              -- documentation directory
      mkd/            -- markdown directory
        index.mkd     -- index
        index.ja.mkd  -- index(ja)

and run following command in doc directory:

    easy-doc mkd html

the easy-doc command render a markdown (in mkd directory) files to html directory.

And new directory structure:

    doc/              -- documentation directory
      mkd/            -- markdown directory
        index.mkd     -- index
        index.ja.mkd  -- index(ja)
        checksums     -- checksum data for re-rendering
      html/           -- html directory. html is generate by easy-doc command.
        index.html    -- index(rendered)
        index.ja.html -- index(rendered)
